added initial improvement for the #2024 developer documentation and contributer documentation (#2032)
recognai/rubrix: docs/_source/community/contributing.md

# Contributor Documentation <!-- omit in toc -->

> Thank you for investing your time in contributing to our project! Any contribution you make will be reflected in our most recent version of [Argilla](https://github.com/argilla-io/argilla) 🤩.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you for investing your time in contributing to the project! Any contribution you make will be reflected in the most recent version of [Argilla](https://github.com/argilla-io/argilla) 🤩.
```

> Read our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/argilla-io/argilla/blob/develop/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) to keep our community approachable and respectable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read the [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/argilla-io/argilla/blob/develop/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) to keep the community approachable and respectable.
```

> In this guide you will get an overview of the contribution workflow from opening an issue, creating a PR, reviewing, and merging the PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this guide, you will get an overview of the contribution workflow from opening an issue, creating a PR, reviewing, and merging the PR.
```

## New contributor guide

> To get an overview of the project, read our [README](https://github.com/argilla-io/argilla/blob/develop/README.md). Here are some resources to help you get started with open source contributions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get an overview of the project, read the [README](https://github.com/argilla-io/argilla/blob/develop/README.md). Here are some resources to help you get started with open-source contributions:
```

- [Finding good first issue](https://github.com/argilla-io/argilla/labels/good%20first%20issue)
- [Find and review pull requests](https://github.com/argilla-io/argilla/pulls)
- [Setting up the Argilla developer environment](./developer_docs.rst)
- [Write a tutorial](https://github.com/argilla-io/argilla/issues/2030)
- [Schedule a meeting with our developer advocate](https://calendly.com/argilla-office-hours/meeting-with-david-from-argilla-30m)

## Getting started

> To navigate our codebase with confidence, see [our Python client code](https://docs.argilla.io/en/latest/reference/python/index.html) 🐍. For more information on how to use our UI, see [our web app reference](https://docs.argilla.io/en/latest/reference/webapp/index.html) 💻.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To navigate the codebase with confidence, see [our Python client code](https://docs.argilla.io/en/latest/reference/python/index.html) 🐍. For more information on how to use our UI, see [our web app reference](https://docs.argilla.io/en/latest/reference/webapp/index.html) 💻.
```

We accept three kinds of contributions.

> - [documentation](#features-and-documentation): better textual support for features. Best to get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [documentation](#features-and-documentation): better explanations, writing style, and help using Argilla's features. Best to get started.
```

> - [issues](#issues): bug reports that directly fix something that is broken. Generally smaller in nature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [issues](#issues): bug reports and fixes of something that is broken. Generally smaller in nature.
```

> - [features](#features-and-documentation): new functionalities. Generally larger in nature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [features](#features-and-documentation): new functionalities and enhancements of existing features. Generally larger in nature.
```

### Issues

#### Create a new issue

If you spot a problem with the docs or our code, [search if an issue already exists](https://github.com/argilla-io/argilla/issues?q=is%3Aissue). If a related issue doesn't exist, you can open a new issue using a relevant [issue form](https://github.com/argilla-io/argilla/issues/new?assignees=&labels=bug&template=bug_report.md&title=). Try to fill out the entire template to ensure it is clear what the issue entails and it is reproducible for other users.

#### Solve an issue

Scan through our [existing issues](https://github.com/argilla-io/argilla/issues?q=is%3Aissue) to find one that interests you. You can narrow down the [search using `labels`](https://github.com/argilla-io/argilla/labels) as filters. If you find an issue to work on, you are welcome to [create a fork and start making changes](#make-changes). However, we always advise you to ask for some input within the discussion on the issue, or by contacting us via Slack or by [scheduling a meeting](https://calendly.com/argilla-office-hours/meeting-with-david-from-argilla-30m).

### Features and documentation

> We are always looking for [new tutorials](https://github.com/argilla-io/argilla/issues/2030)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Contribution to the docs
You can contribute to the docs by
- Writing a tutorial about a specific topic. We are always looking for [new tutorials](https://github.com/argilla-io/argilla/issues/2030) and we would love to support you!
- Including missing parts, examples, improving the writing, fixing typos, etc.

For contributing to the docs, here are two references:
1. How to locally build the docs
2. A template for tutorials

```

Reviewer: Include the links to the dev guide where we say how to build the docs and the tutorial template included in this PR
